README.MD, before:

# IDEA EDU Course ...

Implemented in the Java Developer Track of hyperskill.org's JetBrain Academy.

Purpose of doing this project, is practising some more plain java, MVC-driven OOD and testable software.
In focus of this project are algorithmic topics, and finally completing the Java Developers Track - where this is a graduate project.

## Technology / External Libraries

- POJO Java 17,
- with Lombok annotation processors, 
- Apache Log4j SLF4J API binding to Log4j 2 logging and 
- Junit 5 with 
- Mockito (mockito-inline) testing.

## Repository Contents

The sources of main project tasks (6 stages) and unit, mockito testing.

## Program description

Coming up.

Have fun!

## Project completion

[//]: # (Project was completed on xx.0d.22.)

## Progress

25.04.22 Project started and Stage 1 completed. Simple number stream reading from stdin. Evaluating data into some
statistics object, which is printed to console. Full coverage tests on Log4j and functionality using Junit and mockito-inline.

02.05.22 Stage 2 completed. Interface driven design for read in and evaluation of different objects. Full test coverage.

02.05.22 Stage 3 completed, Long sorting added as 4th app dataMode. Result and SortResult interface added, tests

08.05.22 Stage 4 completed, merge and insertion sort generic implementations.

08.05.22 Stage 5 completed, just some error handling.

Commit message:

Final Stage 6 completed, new properties handling and File-IO for sorting in- and output

README.MD, after:

# IDEA EDU Course ...

Implemented in the Java Developer Track of hyperskill.org's JetBrain Academy.

Purpose of doing this project, is practising some more plain java, MVC-driven OOD and testable software.
In focus of this project are algorithmic topics, and finally completing the Java Developers Track - where this is a graduate project.

## Technology / External Libraries

- POJO Java 17,
- with Lombok annotation processors, 
- Apache Log4j SLF4J API binding to Log4j 2 logging and 
- Junit 5 with 
- Mockito (mockito-inline) testing.

## Repository Contents

The sources of main project tasks (6 stages) and unit, mockito testing.

## Program description

Coming up.

Have fun!

## Project completion

Project was completed on 09.05.22.

## Progress

25.04.22 Project started and Stage 1 completed. Simple number stream reading from stdin. Evaluating data into some
statistics object, which is printed to console. Full coverage tests on Log4j and functionality using Junit and mockito-inline.

02.05.22 Stage 2 completed. Interface driven design for read in and evaluation of different objects. Full test coverage.

02.05.22 Stage 3 completed, Long sorting added as 4th app dataMode. Result and SortResult interface added, tests

08.05.22 Stage 4 completed, merge and insertion sort generic implementations.

08.05.22 Stage 5 completed, just some error handling.

09.05.22 Stage 6 completed, new properties handling and File-IO for sorting in- and output
